d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\bin\Debug\App.xbf
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\bin\Debug\resources.pri
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\bin\Debug\vladmaso.build.appxrecipe
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\App.xaml
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\App.xbf
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\vladmaso.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
d:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\vladmaso.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\bin\Debug\vladmaso.exe.config
D:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\bin\Debug\vladmaso.xr.xml
D:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\bin\Debug\vladmaso.exe
D:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\bin\Debug\vladmaso.pdb
D:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\vladmaso.exe
D:\users\dimon\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\vladmaso\vladmaso\obj\Debug\vladmaso.pdb
